max_attrition province
attrition province
local_hostile_attrition province
fort_level province
garrison_growth province
local_defensiveness province
local_friendly_movement_speed province
local_hostile_movement_speed province
local_manpower province
local_manpower_modifier province
local_regiment_cost province
regiment_recruit_speed province
supply_limit province
supply_limit_modifier province
local_amount_of_banners province
local_naval_engagement_modifier province
local_sailors province
local_sailors_modifier province
local_ship_cost province
local_ship_repair province
ship_recruit_speed province
local_colonial_growth province
local_colonist_placement_chance province
inflation_reduction_local province
local_state_maintenance_modifier province
local_build_cost province
local_build_time province
local_monthly_devastation province
local_production_efficiency province
local_tax_modifier province
tax_income province
allowed_num_of_buildings province
local_development_cost province
local_institution_spread province
local_core_creation province
cs_only_local_development_cost province
province_trade_power_modifier province
province_trade_power_value province
trade_goods_size_modifier province
trade_goods_size province
trade_value_modifier province
trade_value province
local_missionary_strength province
religious_conversion_resistance province
local_culture_conversion_cost province
local_unrest province
local_autonomy province
local_years_of_nationalism province
min_local_autonomy province